# What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
The problem that we were solving in this course was how to present a class list to indviduls in the ABCU advising program. The program would show informaton about a desired course such as its prerequisites and course number. The program also prints a sample schedule or all the courses in alphanumeric order.
# How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
The way I approached the problem was by first creating pseudocode in the three data structures that we have discussed in this course. The next step was to do a run time analysis of each structure, in which I found that a hash table would be most effective. When implementing the code, I did howeve find that the task was completed in a more precise manner under the binary search tree structure. For this reason I believe it to be the most important to learn of different data structures so a programmer may determine the best course to achieve their task.
# How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
The major roadblock I encounter during this course is the alphanumeric sort. In the first project I determined the hash table to be the structure I would complete my final project in. When creating the actual code for the project though, I determined that it was very difficult to insert the tokens and sort them in the hash table structure and thus, I choose to switch the binary search tree stucture and was able to finish my project.
# How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
The work on this project has taught me to develop several differnt approaches to one problem before implmenting any designs. This way if your first approach fails, you won't have to start over from scratch and already have the next approach planned out.
# How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
The work on this project has taught me to analysis my pseudocode and design phase more intensely. In the past I have choose one approach at each project and would spend hours making it work when I could've just had another approaches planned out and saved myself a lot of time and effort.
